Phil: Hey everyone so 2016 is over and Wow! it was definitely one for the history books
Wes: I know we literally say that every year
Phil: no joke like every year we say that
This year was truly our biggest yet
2014 may have been one of the biggest and most important years in Wong Fu's hist...
what an amazing year 2013 was
Wes: but this year was the biggest year yet
So much has happend and we know it's hard to keep up with everyhing
so we made this quick recap of all the big news and videos you might have missed
Phil: and if you did miss anything you can find a link to it in the description below
also be sure to follow us on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Snapchat for all the updates
Turn up!
So we hit the ground running by celebrating the 10 year anniversary of one of our classic shorts
''Yellow Fever''
We made a sequal to showed that nothing has changed …
or has it?
Wes: one thing though ... has changed for sure
Ted got married!
Video: "You may kiss the bride"
*Cheers*
Wes: It is truly surreal to be a part of Ted and Caty's big day
We both spoke and um... well one of us ugly cried
Phil: uhhh it wasn't that ugly
Wes: We're so happy for them and their bright future together
Phil: Megan Batoon showed us the smellier side of relationships in our sketch, "My Girlfriend Farted"
Wes: Then Yoshi and Noah how cutthroat auditions can be like in "The First Asian Jedi"
Phil: In March we started a new show where we responded to Youtube comments
Proving that we read all the comments
Wes: First!
Everyone: aaaahhhhh
Ashley: The fan interaction continued on More Wong Fu
when we launched a new series called "Failed It!"
Phil *in video*: When I'm done here, you're gonna be a whole new you
Ashley: A show where we try unique challenges
and let the fans vote if we nailed it...
or...
failed it :(
*In video*: OOHHH *laughs*
Wes: We teamed up with Nigahiga to do the unthinkable
Ryan *in video*: Why don't we make a k-pop band?
Wes: Ryan, Philip, David, Justin and Jun
formed Boys generally Asian or BgA
The greatest k-pop group of all time
Phil: But really it was just fun to pretend to be k-pop stars
and give the fans the full experience
composed of trailers, countdowns, member bios, dance version, practice versions
our song even ranked on the k-pop charts!
BgA mania definitely spread around the world
Wes: Then went out of this world with our Star Wars fanfilm "Way to the Rebellion"
Starring Chris Dinh and Brandon Soo Hoo
We've been such huge fans of the saga
so it was really exciting to create an original story in the Star Wars universe
Phil: In April, our first feature film "Everything Before Us"
finally made its way to Netflix!
*In video*: Hey there Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence
we're your new neighbors
Phil: and it's still there for everyone to watch so
go watch it and give a good review!
Wes: Big steps continued as we started production on our first original series "Single by 30"
Wong Fu's largest production to date
and spend months of work behind the scenes
Phil *in video*: Got it
While Phil and Wes were busy shooting, the rest of the team held down the fort and
produced: "My Best Friend is Hot", featuring Victoria Park, Mike Bow, Elva Ni and … Taylor's guac.
In June I went back to my old University UC San Diego for one of the highest honors of my life
giving the commencement speech at graduation
There are two subjects that everyone my age talks about throughout your twenties.
It was the most nervous I've ever been but the speech actually ended up teaching millions of people online.
While we were down in San Diego we realized that it's been 10 years since
the last time Wong Fu made a lip-sync video
so the whole gang got together to make a lip-sync to Justin Timberlake's "Can't Stop The Feeling"
all around UCSD, just like old times back in college.
Back on our second channel Christine produced and starred in her own show "XOXO Christine"
where she covered everything from making flower crowns to … asking the tough questions.
What are your current thoughts about love like right now, 30-year-old Phil?
Joanna and Eric couldn't stop touching each other.
Why would we want that?
While Phil and Alisa showed us that some people in our lives will always be untouchable.
In August "Single by 30" was released on YouTube Red starring Harry Shum Jr., Kina Grannis
and a bunch of familiar faces from the Wong Fu family.
That was unreal.
It's Wong Fu's biggest project to date with eight 30 minute episodes
It's a show that has taken Wong Fu Productions to new heights
literally the show was up on billboards!
We were even featured on Entertainment Tonight, NPR and the LA Times to name a few.
LaurDIY and Alex Wassabi had to pretend that they couldn't kiss each other
for our short "This is how we never made out".
And we partnered with Vitasoy to make "From Here on Out"
a story about leaving home and seeking adventure starring Lawrence Kao and Julie Zhan.
And that inspired us to leave our office and start a new show "Wong Fu Recess"
where we competed in different sports and playground games
A rivalry was born between the Passive Pandas and Respectable Rhinos
We even designed som e slick team shirts for you guys to rep your favorite team
if you liked those, stay tuned for some more merch campaigns coming soon.
In more news about our movie "Everything Before Us"
it became available for everyone on DVD and Blu-ray. You can get your own piece of Wong Fu history today!
and there's even a bonus short starring Randall Park
In a fun sketch "Girls Can't take a Hint", Taylor proved that maybe guys are the ones that can't take a hint.
Point of view?
In one of the most random but awesome highlights of the year we went to Florence, Italy
to meet Ron Howard and Tom Hanks
Somehow rapping happened and it was so epic that the Today Show mentioned it
and even Snoop Dogg shared it on Facebook.
Rapping wasn't all that happened in Italy though,
we also went to Rome to shoot a short about love locks. It was our first time shooting in Italian.
Our show "Lunch Break" went on the road in partnership with McDonald's
and we got to shoot with our first ever live audience.
It was a blast meeting our friends in Katy, Texas and we even got a surprise visit from KevJumba himself!
Lily from ClevverTV showed us why you can't trust your friends with your phone. Not even for a second.
No! You can't put a period after sorry!
That makes 'I missed you' a completely new thought.
And YouTube gave us our half second of Fame in their annual Youtube Rewind Video.
Thanks YouTube!
In the spirit of the holidays More Wong Fu revisited all of its shows by releasing holiday specials from each of them
Happy Holidays and a Merry Christmas!
Cheers guys, cheers
then Randall Park exposed Santa for what he really is
Santa … is asian
O … kay?
To cap off 2016, Kore Asian Media honored us with the Digital Influence of the Year Award
along with many other Asians in entertainment.
Our community has seen a lot of achievements this past year
none of which would have been possible without your support
So thank you for sticking with us in 2016 and we hope you join us in the new year.
If history has taught us anything 2017 will be our … biggest year yet!
Bye!